Add crow (#59)
getlipa/wild: README.md

and always returns the latest state of them when requested.

*Caution: The library does not encrypt the data itself. It expects to retrieve the data in an already encrypted form.*

## Crow

> The crow are know for their love to collect staff.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Crows are known for their love to collect stuff.
```
